always:
dont forget to tag
update the history
keep cpu/mem profiling
dont forget to update the version nr in code and cmake

someday:
mseg
midi mpe
microtonal
.com website 
voice level unison
cakewalk bug report
phaser/flanger/chorus
incorporate mts-esp
vst3 note expressions
clap (poly) modulation
visual routing indicators
document the header files a bit

v1.2:
automate zip/dist
move route up/down
copy voice<->global
osc graph does not vertical fill?
do copy/paste patch through clipboard
bug: preset select jumps back to previous
do async clear delay lines etc on patch select
do forward compat checks - dont load newer versions

small-ui-changes:
check all the todos
check all the short/long names + also in menus
check all references to alt_name
drop square shaper (why is it even in there?)
rename saw to off shaper
tri shaper is broken
now have room for cheby shaper/smooth random?
do separate label-tooltip-menu-name? or just show the name in the tooltip, not the alt name?
re-read the param docs and manual
rename x/y -> in/out also for lfo
check all the tooltips and names in matrices
check regular/alt name in tooltips => actually make that option
see if its possible to expand combobox text values
do large labels as much as possible
do gain meter for master out gain?
check the fx-version ui layout
test all the host demos
update the demo tracks
dont forget to convert on split lfo params
document the changes
do the conversion, again
do major-minor-patch
retest all presets and demo tracks and host tests
do a dry/wet control on the comb filter so i can get rid of the transient amplifier at start
fix up all the presets
check the fx version
keep track of the matrices layout
check which colors are still used
check all the short names in the matrices
fix all the label justifications
do icons for the osc modes?
group cv matrix targets by e.g. gaudio gain 1-10
do some more margin between the controls
do basic theming support (e.g. config file with colors)
label all unlabeled stuff (mostly comboboxes)
split the distortion gui over 2 rows its too crowded
right-align tempo synced comboboxes (and possibly others)
make checkbox and combobox less prominent on screen
make the whole ui a bit larger for slightly bigger knobs
make the left side a bit wider so we dont need to abbreviate labels so much
divide the matrix tab header over 2 rows so we dont need abbreviations for gm.cv etc
get rid of the "combined" comboboxes, just make them separate parameters (breaking change!)


other:
profile the pad preset
CLAP gui not showing on qtractor/fedora
do indexed release schema + regular backwards compat